

# 介绍Flask

**Flask** is **a web application framework** written in **Python**.

**Flask** is based on **Werkzeug WSGI toolkit** and **Jinja2 template engine**.

参考教程：https://www.tutorialspoint.com/flask/index.htm

## What is Web Framework?
**Web Application Framework** represents **a collection of libraries and modules** that enables a web application developer to write applications without having to bother about low-level details such as protocols, thread management etc.

## What is WSGI?

**Web Server Gateway Interface** (**WSGI**) has been adopted as **a standard for Python web application development**. **WSGI** is **a specification** for a universal interface between **the web server** and **the web applications**.

## What is Werkzeug?

It is **a WSGI toolkit**, which implements **requests, response objects, and other utility functions**. This enables building a web framework on top of it. The Flask framework uses Werkzeug as one of its bases.

## What is jinja2?
**jinja2** is **a popular templating engine for Python**. **A web templating system** combines **a template** with **a certain data source** to render **dynamic web pages**.


## a micro framework
**Flask** is often referred to as **a micro framework**. It aims to **keep the core of an application simple yet extensible**. Flask does not have built-in abstraction layer for database handling, nor does it have form a validation support. Instead, Flask supports the extensions to add such functionality to the application. 






